src/projects/pam-and-non-house.md, before:

---
slug: "/pam-and-non-house/en/"
title: "Pam and Nonn’s House"
thumbnail: "./images/pam-and-non-house/pam-and-non-house-2.jpg"
hero: "./images/pam-and-non-house/pam-and-non-house-2.jpg"
description: "A Scandinavian style interior design and decoration project"
isPersonalProject: false
lang: "en"
---

In this project, I am in charge of interior design and decoration, for an area of ​​approximately 700 square meters, and the custom made aspects and details that we love to create and design.

![Pam and Non's house](./images/pam-and-non-house/pam-and-non-house.jpg)

The owner of the house is interested in and enjoys Scandinavian style interiors that are both modern and minimalist. This matches some of my favorite interests and design work that I have long researched, visited, from Scandinavian houses dating back to 1930's and up to the present. It is one of the passions that influences my design inspiration. Another aspect which I am looking forward to completing is the homeowners' furniture, which is includes my aptitudes and interests as well - types of furniture in this house includes Fritz Hansen and Bo Concept from Denmark, Podium from Thai, and custom made furniture from some of the best carpenters in Thailand.

![Pam and Non's house](./images/pam-and-non-house/pam-and-non-house-3.jpeg)

Commit message:

Update images on product page

src/projects/pam-and-non-house.md, after:

---
slug: "/pam-and-non-house/en/"
title: "Pam and Nonn’s House"
thumbnail: "./images/pam-and-non-house/pam-and-non-house-2.jpg"
hero: "./images/pam-and-non-house/pam-and-non-house-2.jpg"
images:
  - "./images/pam-and-non-house/pam-and-non-house.jpg"
  - "./images/pam-and-non-house/pam-and-non-house-2.jpg"
  - "./images/pam-and-non-house/pam-and-non-house-3.jpg"
description: "A Scandinavian style interior design and decoration project"
isPersonalProject: false
lang: "en"
---

In this project, I am in charge of interior design and decoration, for an area of ​​approximately 700 square meters, and the custom made aspects and details that we love to create and design.

![Pam and Non's house](./images/pam-and-non-house/pam-and-non-house.jpg)

The owner of the house is interested in and enjoys Scandinavian style interiors that are both modern and minimalist. This matches some of my favorite interests and design work that I have long researched, visited, from Scandinavian houses dating back to 1930's and up to the present. It is one of the passions that influences my design inspiration. Another aspect which I am looking forward to completing is the homeowners' furniture, which is includes my aptitudes and interests as well - types of furniture in this house includes Fritz Hansen and Bo Concept from Denmark, Podium from Thai, and custom made furniture from some of the best carpenters in Thailand.
